README.md, before:

[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/cellfinder.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/cellfinder)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/fancylog.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/fancylog)
[![Downloads](https://pepy.tech/badge/fancylog)](https://pepy.tech/project/fancylog)
[![Wheel](https://img.shields.io/pypi/wheel/fancylog.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/fancylog)
[![Development Status](https://img.shields.io/pypi/status/fancylog.svg)](https://github.com/adamltyson/fancylog)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/python/black)
[![Contributions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-Welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/adamltyson/fancylog)

# fancylog
Fancier logging with python.

Uses the standard python logging library, but (optionally) in addition:
* Logs code when using the multiprocessing module using
[multiprocessing-logging](https://github.com/jruere/multiprocessing-logging)
* Uses [gitpython](https://github.com/gitpython-developers/GitPython)
to log information about the git environment.
* Logs the command-line arguments used to run the software
* Logs object attributes


#### To install
```bash
pip install fancylog
```

#### To run example
```bash
git clone https://github.com/adamltyson/fancylog
pip install -e .
python fancylog/example.py /path/to/output/log/dir
```

If you run the example, you should get a log file that resembles
[this](fancylog_2019-10-18_15-30-12.log)

Commit message:

Refactor & add tests (#19)
* refactor

* update dev status

* Add git extra

* Add rich dependency

* fix typo

* update manifest

* remove need to import fancylog from fancylog

* rephrase log header

* add basic test

* remove dependence on gitpython for tests

* move from tmpdir to tmp_path

* add py311 to testing

* update pre-commit

* add ruff to pre-commit

* change config from flake8 to ruff

* standardise pre-commit config

README.md, after:

[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/cellfinder.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/cellfinder)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/fancylog.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/fancylog)
[![Downloads](https://pepy.tech/badge/fancylog)](https://pepy.tech/project/fancylog)
[![Wheel](https://img.shields.io/pypi/wheel/fancylog.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/fancylog)
[![Development Status](https://img.shields.io/pypi/status/fancylog.svg)](https://github.com/adamltyson/fancylog)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/python/black)
[![Contributions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-Welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/adamltyson/fancylog)

# fancylog
Fancier logging with python.

Uses the standard python logging library, but (optionally) in addition:
* Logs code when using the multiprocessing module using
[multiprocessing-logging](https://github.com/jruere/multiprocessing-logging)
* Uses [GitPython](https://github.com/gitpython-developers/GitPython)
to log information about the git environment.
* Logs the command-line arguments used to run the software
* Logs object attributes


#### To install
```bash
pip install fancylog
```

N.B. For the git logging to work, you need to have [git](https://git-scm.com/) and the
[GitPython](https://github.com/gitpython-developers/GitPython) package
installed. The latter can be installed along with `fancylog` using:

```bash
pip install fancylog[git]
```

#### To run example
```bash
git clone https://github.com/adamltyson/fancylog
pip install -e .
python fancylog/example.py /path/to/output/log/dir
```

If you run the example, you should get a log file that resembles
[this](fancylog_2019-10-18_15-30-12.log)
